Remove information about online_user_session table (#32177)
keycloak/keycloak: docs/documentation/upgrading/topics/changes/changes-25_0_0.adoc

. Migrate the database to the schema version 25.
. Copy all session information from either the remote {jdgserver_name} or the JDBC persistence configured for {project_name}'s embedded cache to the database of {project_name}.
+

> The data will be stored in the table `offline_user_session` with `offline_flag` set to `false`.

Reviewer: Maybe we wanted to have the other table named here?

```suggestion
The data will be stored in the tables `offline_user_session` and `offline_client_session` with `offline_flag` set to `false`.
```
